# Physics-Informed-Neural-Nets

Abstract: Many times in machine learning, we seek to make predictions of data and by using our previous knowledge of our dataset (priors), we can better estimate our results. We conduct a series of experiments in solving partial differential equations (PDEs) through \textit{Physics-Informed Neural Networks} (PINNs). PINNs incorporates the physical constraints and laws of our environment which allows for better predictions in scientific data sets. We first use simple methods such as Linear Regression and Polynomial Regression to solve the "Zero-dimension" diffusion equation. We improve upon this by using a \textit{fully connected neural network} (FNN) and develop it further by utilizing \textit{penalty-free neural networks} (PFNN) and \textit{residual neural networks} (ResNet). We apply all these methods to different PDEs including the fractional 1D/2D/3D Poisson equation which does not have an analytical solution. We found that simple models such as linear and polynomial regression resulted in a high $L_2$ loss of 1.524 and 0.317, respectively. For the 1D diffusion equation, we found that our three NN methods performed roughly the same with a test loss of 1.81e-04, 2.63e-04, and 2.63e-04 for FNN, PFNN, and ResNet respectively. We also observed differences in our test loss when we changed the dimension size of our PDE: notably, our test loss for the Poisson Equation for the dimensions 1, 2, and 3 were 5.74e-07, 2.41e-05, and 1.16e-03. While the PINNs method for solving PDEs is computationally expensive for higher dimensional data sets, it is a powerful method for approximating solutions to PDEs even if the PDE does not have an analytical solution. There are multiple paths for future work with PINNs such as finding discrepancies between different formed PDEs, solving the inverse problem for medical image reconstruction, and for combining PINNs with boosting techniques to improve high-dimensional accuracy.
